MTM-56104 add info about details of device counting for usage statistics (#2054)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/enterprise-tenant/usage-and-billing.md

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left">Root devices</td>

>       <td align="left">Number of root devices, excluding child devices, see <a href="#devices-count">Devices count</a> for details</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td align="left">Number of root devices excluding child devices, see also <a href="#devices-count">Devices count details</a> </td>
```

The CSV file will be downloaded to your file system.

#### Devices count details {#devices-count}

> For the device count calculations we use backwards compatibility approach and assume that only the top level devices are marked with the [device marker](/device-integration/fragment-library/#device-marker) fragment (`c8y_IsDevice`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device count calculations assume that only top-level devices are marked with the [device marker](/device-integration/fragment-library/#device-marker) fragment `c8y_IsDevice`.
```

> For this reason, the following formulas are used in the calculations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accordingly, the following formulas are used in the calculations:
```

* root devices - all devices with the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment
* all devices - all devices with the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment and their children from the whole device hierarchy

> * leaf devices - only leafs of the device hierarchies starting from devices with `c8y_IsDevice` fragment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* leaf devices - only leafs of the device hierarchies starting from devices with the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment
```

> In case child devices are also marked with `c8y_IsDevice` fragment, the calculation results may look different than expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If child devices are also marked with the `c8y_IsDevice` fragment, the calculation results may look different than expected.
```
